Think about the skills you have gained and what interests you the most from them. From there, we can pick out a few more modules to increase our knowledge, machines to practice on, and Prolabs or Endgames to really put ourselves to the test. The numbers below are a good starting example:

-   2x Modules
-   3x Retired Machines
-   5x Active Machines
-   1x Pro Lab / Endgame

#### Modules

The modules chosen should be categorized according to `two different difficulties`: `technical` and `offensive`. We use these to familiarize ourselves with the attacks and the possibilities and develop an accurate picture and understanding of those attacks. Then we use the provided exercises and their machines to learn to apply these techniques and, at the same time to create efficient `notes` and `screenshots` for accurate `documentation`. Here is a good blueprint for tackling a module:

**Step**

**Task**

1.Read the module

2.Practice the exercises

3.Complete the module

4.Start the module exercises from scratch

5.

While solving the exercises again, take notes

6.Create technical documentation based on the notes

7.Create non-technical documentation based on the notes

The selection of several modules allows us to deal with different technologies and issues we may face. We will discover various aspects that need to be considered and sometimes documented/notated in more detail than before. These notes will be quite valuable as we move along in our careers. Some pairings of technologies and attack vectors can be rare to see in the wild, so having detailed notes about those systems from when you interacted with them will help you progress through an assessment quicker where you encounter them.

After completing the module, we should create minor `technical` and `non-technical` documentation (i.e., create sample technical findings and reproduction steps and executive summary entries that could be included in a report). Focus on practicing creating "client-ready" documentation. Many people underestimate the amount of knowledge and skills that are imprinted through the creation of the documentation. Practicing writing documentation can help cement some topics in our minds and make it easier for us to explain concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.

#### Retired Machines

When we have completed (at least) two modules and are satisfied with our notes and documentation, we can select three different retired machines. These should also differ in difficulty, but we recommend choosing `two easy` and `one medium` machines. At the end of each module, you will find recommended retired machines to consider that will help you practice the specific tools and topics covered in the module. These hosts will share one or more attack vectors tied to the module.

With the retired machines, we have a significant advantage in that we can find existing write-ups online from many different authors (all with varying approaches) with which we can compare our notes. If we opt to purchase a VIP membership on the HTB main platform, we will also have access to official HTB write-ups that present another viewpoint and often include some defensive considerations. We can use these write-ups to compare whether we have noted everything necessary and have not overlooked anything. The order in which we can proceed to practice with the retired machines looks something like this:

**Step**

**Task**

1.Get the user flag on your own

2.Get the root flag on your own

3.Write your technical documentation

4.Write your non-technical documentation

5.Compare your notes with the official write-up (or a community write-up if you don't have a VIP subscription

6.Create a list of information you have missed

7.Watch [Ippsec's](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa6eh7gCkpPo5XXUDfygQQA) walkthrough and compare it with your notes

8.Expand your notes and documentation by adding the missed parts

Finally, we should create `technical` and `non-technical` documentation again. We will find that this one will likely be more extensive than the previous ones because we are working with many more topics we need to cover and document here. The most significant advantage of this approach is that we go through the entire penetration testing process, improving the way we capture essential information and have everything we need to prepare our documentation based on our experiences and notes.

#### Active Machines

After building a good foundation with the modules and the retired machines, we can venture to `two easy`, `two medium`, and `one hard` active machine. We can also take these from the corresponding module recommendations at the end of each module in Academy.

The advantage of this method is that we simulate as realistic a situation as possible using a single host that we have no familiarity with and cannot find documentation on (blackbox approach). As long as the machine remains active, no official write-ups will be published. This means that we cannot check whether we have everything or whether we have missed something from any official source. This puts us in the situation of relying on ourselves and our abilities. Ideal practice steps for active machines would look like this:

**Step**

**Task**

1.Get the user and root flag

2.Write your technical documentation

3.Write your non-technical documentation

4.Have it proofread by technical and non-technical persons

Proofreading gives us our first impressions of how the readers receive the two types of documentation. This gives us an idea of which aspects of our documentation need to be improved for both technical and non-technical audiences. As we can already imagine, not many non-technical people are interested in reading this type of documentation. Therefore, we need to design the non-technical documentation to be `informative`, `high quality`, and kept `concise` but meaningful and free of highly technical jargon. More about this is covered in the [Documentation & Reporting](https://academy.hackthebox.com/module/details/162) module.

#### Pro Lab/Endgame

Once we feel comfortable going against singular hosts and documenting our findings, we can take on Prolabs and Endgames. These labs are large multi-host environments that often simulate enterprise networks of varying sizes similar to those we could run into during actual penetration tests for our clients. This will present us with different challenges than we are used to. We will no longer be focusing on a single host and now have to consider how the different hosts interact with each other. These interactions will make for new and interesting vectors we can potentially practice against as well. For example, running a tool like `Responder` in an Active Directory environment to see traffic and capture a user's password hash or some sort of user interaction is much more likely in a simulated network than when attacking a single box. Attacking infrastructure with several interconnected hosts and network components will create additional connections we need to consider in our documentation. Instead of showing how to complete a single host from start to finish, we will need to practice writing up an entire attack chain, showing our path from foothold to network compromise. This, again, is covered in the `Documentation & Reporting` module. The practice we have from the previous tasks will make this much easier for us as everything builds on each other.