NMAP

-sC Scripts
-sV Version Scanning
-p- All ports
-sT Connect scan
-sU UDP ports

nmap -sV -sC -p- 10.129.42.253
find scripts 
locate scripts/citrix

sudo nmap 10.129.2.28 --top-ports=10 

we disable the ICMP echo requests (-Pn), DNS resolution (-n), and ARP ping scan (--disable-arp-ping).

EXPORT
	Normal output (-oN) with the .nmap file extension
	Grepable output (-oG) with the .gnmap file extension
	XML output (-oX) with the .xml file extension
	xsltproc target.xml -o target.html

	 nmap -sT 10.129.81.163 -oX scan.xml
	 xsltproc scan.xml -o scan.html


Scripts

auth	Determination of authentication credentials.
broadcast	Scripts, which are used for host discovery by broadcasting and the discovered hosts, can be automatically added to the remaining scans.
brute	Executes scripts that try to log in to the respective service by brute-forcing with credentials.
default	Default scripts executed by using the -sC option.
discovery	Evaluation of accessible services.
dos	These scripts are used to check services for denial of service vulnerabilities and are used less as it harms the services.
exploit	This category of scripts tries to exploit known vulnerabilities for the scanned port.
external	Scripts that use external services for further processing.
fuzzer	This uses scripts to identify vulnerabilities and unexpected packet handling by sending different fields, which can take much time.
intrusive	Intrusive scripts that could negatively affect the target system.
malware	Checks if some malware infects the target system.
safe	Defensive scripts that do not perform intrusive and destructive access.
version	Extension for service detection.
vuln	Identification of specific vulnerabilities

Firewall/IDS Evasion

Nmap's TCP ACK scan (-sA) method is much harder to filter for firewalls and IDS/IPS systems than regular SYN (-sS) or Connect scans (sT) because they only send a TCP packet with only the ACK flag. When a port is closed or open, the host must respond with an RST flag. Unlike outgoing connections, all connection attempts (with the SYN flag) from external networks are usually blocked by firewalls. However, the packets with the ACK flag are often passed by the firewall because the firewall cannot determine whether the connection was first established from the external network or the internal network.

SYN
	sudo nmap 10.129.2.28 -p 21,22,25 -sS -Pn -n --disable-arp-ping --packet-trace
ACK
	sudo nmap 10.129.2.28 -p 21,22,25 -sA -Pn -n --disable-arp-ping --packet-trace
Decoy Scan
	sudo nmap 10.129.2.28 -p 80 -sS -Pn -n --disable-arp-ping --packet-trace -D RND:5
	-D RND:5	Generates five random IP addresses that indicates the source IP the connection comes from.
Scan w/dif source ip
	sudo nmap 10.129.2.28 -n -Pn -p 445 -O -S 10.129.2.200 -e tun0
DNS Proxy
	sudo nmap 10.129.2.28 -p50000 -sS -Pn -n --disable-arp-ping --packet-trace
SYN-Scan From DNS Port
	sudo nmap 10.129.2.28 -p50000 -sS -Pn -n --disable-arp-ping --packet-trace --source-port 53
	Connect to filter port
		ncat -nv --source-port 53 10.129.2.28 50000
	

