## Subdomains(Can look at web certificates)
	https://crt.sh/
	Next, we can identify the hosts directly accessible from the Internet and not hosted by third-party providers. This is because we are not allowed to test the hosts without the permission of third-party providers.
### Example
	curl -s https://crt.sh/\?q\=inlanefreight.com\&output\=json | jq . | grep name | cut -d":" -f2 | grep -v "CN=" | cut -d'"' -f2 | awk '{gsub(/\\n/,"\n");}1;' | sort -u
	account.ttn.inlanefreight.com
	blog.inlanefreight.com
	bots.inlanefreight.com
	console.ttn.inlanefreight.com
	ct.inlanefreight.com
	data.ttn.inlanefreight.com
	*.inlanefreight.com
	inlanefreight.com
	integrations.ttn.inlanefreight.com
	iot.inlanefreight.com
	mails.inlanefreight.com
	marina.inlanefreight.com
	marina-live.inlanefreight.com
	matomo.inlanefreight.com
	next.inlanefreight.com
	noc.ttn.inlanefreight.com
	preview.inlanefreight.com
	shop.inlanefreight.com
	smartfactory.inlanefreight.com
	ttn.inlanefreight.com
	vx.inlanefreight.com
	www.inlanefreight.com
	
	for i in $(cat subdomainlist);do host $i | grep "has address" | grep inlanefreight.com | cut -d" " -f1,4;done
	
	for i in $(cat subdomainlist);do host $i | grep "has address" | grep inlanefreight.com | cut -d" " -f4 >> ip-addresses.txt;done
	for i in $(cat ip-addresses.txt);do shodan host $i;done
dig any inlanefreight.com
	A records: We recognize the IP addresses that point to a specific (sub)domain through the A record. Here we only see one that we already know.

	MX records: The mail server records show us which mail server is responsible for managing the emails for the company. Since this is handled by google in our case, we should note this and skip it for now.
	
	NS records: These kinds of records show which name servers are used to resolve the FQDN to IP addresses. Most hosting providers use their own name servers, making it easier to identify the hosting provider.
	
	TXT records: this type of record often contains verification keys for different third-party providers and other security aspects of DNS, such as SPF, DMARC, and DKIM, which are responsible for verifying and confirming the origin of the emails sent. Here we can already see some valuable information if we look closer at the results.

However, there are many different ways to find such cloud storage. One of the easiest and most used is Google search combined with Google Dorks. For example, we can use the Google Dorks inurl: and intext: to narrow our search to specific terms. In the following example, we see red censored areas containing the company name.
	intext: Company inurl:amazonaws.com
	intext: Company inurl:blob.core.windows.net
	https://domain.glass/
	https://buckets.grayhatwarfare.com/


### FTP
	/etc/vsftpd.conf (look at anonymous)
	/etc/ftpusers
	get
	put
	status
	verbose
	ftp 10.129.14.136
	wget -m --no-passive ftp://anonymous:anonymous@10.129.14.136
	sudo nmap --script-updatedb
	sudo nmap -sV -p21 -sC -A 10.129.14.136
### SMB

### NFS

### DNS

### SMTP

### IMAP/POP3

### SNMP

### MySQL

### IPMI